Fix ocis base data path for binary (#752)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/general-info.adoc

=== Configuration Directory

* The configuration directory has a default location for _config_ files, which *must be* on a POSIX storage:

** For container images (inside the container) +
`/etc/ocis/`
+
** For binary releases +
`$HOME/.ocis/config/`
+
[NOTE]
====
* Do not replace `$HOME` with `~` (tilde). The code does not resolve `~` to the users home directory.
* Check that `$HOME` resolves to a valid directory.
** When using a system user for the runtime, which has no login and therefore no home directory, like in the scenario xref:deployment/binary/binary-setup.adoc#setting-up-systemd-for-infinite-scale[Setting up systemd for Infinite Scale], you *must* specify a configuration file location.
====

> * You can deviate from the default location and define a custom configuration file location on startup using the environment variable `OCIS_CONFIG_DIR`.

Reviewer: We should refer to 'configuration directory' everywhere.  157 should eventually read:
* You can deviate from the default location and define a custom configuration directory location on startup using the environment variable `OCIS_CONFIG_DIR`.

Author: done

> * You can deviate from the default location and define a custom configuration file location on startup using the environment variable `OCIS_CONFIG_DIR`.

Author: ```suggestion
* You can deviate from the default location and define a custom configuration directory location on startup using the environment variable `OCIS_CONFIG_DIR`.
```

* xref:{s-path}/settings.adoc[SETTINGS_DATA_PATH, window=_blank]
* xref:{s-path}/sharing.adoc[SHARING_USER_JSON_FILE, window=_blank]
* xref:{s-path}/sharing.adoc[SHARING_PUBLIC_JSON_FILE, window=_blank]
* xref:{s-path}/store.adoc[STORE_DATA_PATH, window=_blank]
* xref:{s-path}/storage-system.adoc[STORAGE_SYSTEM_OCIS_ROOT, window=_blank]
* xref:{s-path}/storage-users.adoc[STORAGE_USERS_OCIS_ROOT, window=_blank]
* xref:{s-path}/storage-users.adoc[STORAGE_USERS_S3NG_ROOT, window=_blank]
* xref:{s-path}/storage-users.adoc[STORAGE_USERS_OWNCLOUDSQL_DATADIR, window=_blank]
* xref:{s-path}/storage-users.adoc[STORAGE_USERS_OWNCLOUDSQL_UPLOADINFO_DIR, window=_blank]
* xref:{s-path}/thumbnails.adoc[THUMBNAILS_FILESYSTEMSTORAGE_ROOT, window=_blank] ^*^
* xref:{s-path}/users.adoc[OCIS_LDAP_CACERT;USERS_LDAP_CACERT, window=_blank]

// necessary to properly break the list item from the next component
{empty}

(*) ... Note that it is recommended for these services to configure an individual path due to expected higher data quantities on larger installations, see the important note on possible impacts below.

==== Default Location

> * The base path has a default location for metadata and service dependent data (xref:#services_using_base_path[see above]) which *must be* on a POSIX storage. If not otherwise defined via xref:using-s3-for-blobs[Using S3 for Blobs], it is also used storing blobs using that path:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The base path has a default location for metadata and service dependent data (xref:#services_using_base_path[see above]) which *must be* on a POSIX storage. If not otherwise defined via xref:using-s3-for-blobs[Using S3 for Blobs], it is also used to store blobs using that path:
```
